what the hell is going on where's our
air support guess those forward guns
going why aren't those rear batteries
firing somebody get general Wilson on
the horn do I'll have your head for this
I am little piggy stretch colonel
surrender your ship now or I shall
destroy it not on my watch this is a
priority alert all metahumans un an
alpha requested immediate assistance
Thor take care of those gunships
spider-man draw them towards the stern
sure thing I just love you
you
every you do it boy scout I don't take
orders
soulless machine how dare you strike the
son of Odin show off
excuse me is this the ferry to Staten
Island
hey cap looks like
could use some help that dude scares me
what are you girls looking at